Update issue template. (#652)
pfnet/optuna: .github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/questions-help-support.md

---

> name: "\U00002753Questions/Help/Support"

Reviewer: Another really small detail but I personally find it a bit confusing that "Support" is included here in the name while it sounds like you're being referred to SO etc. when asking for it. Are they referring to different "support"s?

Author: Honestly, I just copied and pasted the title from [Pytorch's issue template title](https://github.com/pytorch/pytorch/issues/new/choose), so there is no important meaning about the word "support".
I think that we might be able to remove "support" from the title.

Reviewer: Or just simply `Questions` 🙂 . If we change the body however, I think any of them will do.

Author: > just simply `Questions`

Nice idea 👍 
Fixed: https://github.com/pfnet/optuna/pull/652/commits/e01aefb2340f74dc2ba6963b6d9f5347a1099b3f

Author: In addition, I updated the body of this template (see: https://github.com/pfnet/optuna/pull/652/commits/51a38b89a692001655c9328e95ef91ffb423c451).

Reviewer: Awesome, I'll take a look!

---
name: "\U00002753Questions/Help/Support"
about: Please let us know if you have any questions.
title: ''

> labels: ''

Reviewer: If it's worth creating a separate template (for help and support), should we also create a corresponding label?

Author: I think that it's nice to create a new label for this template.
Do you have any thoughts about the new label name? 
(`question` which is one of the default GitHub labels may be used for this purpose.)

Reviewer: Great. `question` sounds good to me as it somewhat reflects the intent of this template.

Author: Thanks. I added `qustion` label to this template (https://github.com/pfnet/optuna/pull/652/commits/8299aa14f02df23c50af157d699394cab5e2ecdf).

assignees: ''

---

## Question

Please write your question here.

> ### Note to the questioner

Reviewer: How about placing this section first as that order seems more logical?

Reviewer: You can probably ignore this comment as the current layout looks good without the rearrangement (it might just make it confusing).

Author: Okay. I'll keep the current layout.

If your issue is a **request for support in using Optuna**, please consider to post it on [Stack Overflow].

> Support is also available on `#general` channel of [chainer slack] and [chainer-jp slack].

Reviewer: A nit.
```suggestion
Support is also available in the `#general` channel of [chainer slack] and [chainer-jp slack].
```
